Did you find Yaoyao?
We found Miss Yaoyao
And and what?
We also found
Keep looking for me
Turn the cloud length over to me
Also find me clear and Yaoyao
Lin Shaoyao
You want to let Qin Xue and Yaoyao
There is a half-point three long and two short
It must make you regret coming into this world
Lin Shangyao, here I come
What about Yaoyao, don't worry?
The show is just beginning
Lin Shangyao, if you dare to touch a hair on Yaoyao
I won't let you go if I'm a ghost
Hahaha
For the sake of you being so impatient
Then I'll tell you.
Isn't your daughter right in front of you?
Yaoyao my Yaoyao
Hahaha
Li Shaoyang, what did you do again?
Nothing
I just drew a few tables.
Li Shaoyang, you are not human, you go out